Structural and line edit on concepts/hypertables (#810)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/overview/core-concepts/hypertables-and-chunks/hypertables-and-chunks-benefits.md

servers. This eventually balances out inserts without incurring the costs of
immediate data migration.

The TimescaleDB planner handles queries seamlessly as partitions change. Behind
the scenes, it keeps track of where each chunk is stored.

To fine-tune server rebalancing, you can asynchronously migrate chunks. Or, you
can delete older data by using data retention policies. Older data is
partitioned according to the older server setup, while newer data is partitioned
according to the newer setup. So data retention eventually rebalances data
across your servers.

For more information, see the [chunk migration][chunk-migration] and
[data retention][data-retention] sections.

## Data replication
In addition to migrating chunks, you can also replicate chunks across nodes.
This allows you to:
*   Increase availability with multiple replicas
*   Recover from node failure or primary server outage
*   Horizontally scale reads by spreading query volume across multiple nodes

For more information, see the [replication][replication] section.

[chunk-migration]: /api/:currentVersion:/distributed-hypertables/move_chunk_experimental/

> [data-retention]: /how-to-guides/data-retention/
> [local-indexes]: /overview/core-concepts/hypertables-and-chunks/chunk-architecture/#chunk-local-indexes

Author: ```suggestion
[data-retention]: /timescaledb/:currentVersion:/how-to-guides/data-retention/
[local-indexes]: /timescaledb/:currentVersion:/overview/core-concepts/hypertables-and-chunks/chunk-architecture/#chunk-local-indexes
```

[performance-benchmark]: https://www.timescale.com/blog/timescaledb-vs-6a696248104e/

> [replication]: /how-to-guides/replication-and-ha/

Author: ```suggestion
[replication]: /timescaledb/:currentVersion:/how-to-guides/replication-and-ha/
```

Because hypertables are partitioned into time-based chunks, the most recent data
is all stored in the same chunk. If properly sized, this chunk fits into memory.
So, when you insert and query recent data, these operations access data from
memory. This improves operation speed, since data doesn't need to be loaded from
disk.

<highlight type="note">

> To learn about chunk sizing for improved performance, see the section on 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about chunk sizing for improved performance, see the section on 
```

Instead, TimescaleDB keeps existing chunks at their current locations. When it
adds new chunks for new time intervals, it partitions them across the new set of
servers. This eventually balances out inserts without incurring the costs of
immediate data migration.

The TimescaleDB planner handles queries seamlessly as partitions change. Behind
the scenes, it keeps track of where each chunk is stored.

To fine-tune server rebalancing, you can asynchronously migrate chunks. Or, you
can delete older data by using data retention policies. Older data is
partitioned according to the older server setup, while newer data is partitioned

> according to the newer setup. Thus, data retention eventually rebalances data

Reviewer: "Thus"?
